# Terraform Enterprise 1.1.1

- **App Deadline Date:** Thursday, November 20, 2025
- **Release Branch:** release/1.1.x
- **Release Slack Channel:** #proj-tfe-releases

## Contributor Sign Off

Congratulations, if your name is on this list that means you contributed to this release. You must sign off on your
contributions by checking the box in front of your username. The number in front of your username is the number of pull
requests authored by you that are going into this release.

Please review the changelog entries for your contributions. Your changelog entries should be **feature-focused**, define
the **what** and **why**, and include any necessary information for customers. Each entry should make it clear why the
customer should care about the change. More information on
[how to write release notes can be found in confluence](https://hashicorp.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TFENG/pages/2369355816/How+to+Write+Release+Notes+for+TFE).

<!-- CUSTOMER_FACING_START_DELIMITER: The items in this section will be customer viewable -->

## Known Issues

## Bug Fixes
- Fixed an issue where agents launched by Terraform Enterprise using a custom CA bundle, when Terraform Enterprise is using Docker as its run pipeline, would error when registering with Terraform Enterprise, resulting in Terraform runs failing to complete. Runs would remain in pending status and eventually fail with `x509: certificate signed by unknown authority` errors.

## Security
- Fixed an issue that let users without sufficient permissions create new state versions. To learn more about the previous issue, refer to [CVE-2025-13432](https://discuss.hashicorp.com/t/hcsec-2025-34-terraform-enterprise-state-versions-can-be-created-by-users-without-sufficient-write-access/76821).

<!-- CUSTOMER_FACING_STOP_DELIMITER: Everything below this line will not be viewable by customers. -->

### Generated Changelog

The changelog below was generated manually. It includes PRs merged from each repository in `app_repos.yaml`. The purpose of this generated changelog is to serve as starting place for constructing the customer facing changelog above.

#### Possible Customer Impacting Changes

These PRs included a changelog line the PR body. This changelog line has been used as the message below.

1. State versions could be created or removed with a combination of permissions that should not have allowed write access. This bug has been resolved, and only write permissions to the workspace or state versions should grant access to modify state versions. -- **@hc-tfe-release-bot** [atlas#25469](https://github.com/hashicorp/atlas/pull/25469)
1. Preserve file permissions in task-worker-helper tar archive for tfe-agent -- **@Jesus-DelRiego** [terraform-enterprise#3414](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-enterprise/pull/3414)
1.  -- **@hc-tfe-release-bot** [terraform-enterprise#3418](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-enterprise/pull/3418)

#### Possible Non Customer Facing Changes

These PRs did not include a changelog line in the PR body. The PR title has been used as the message below.

1. versions and sha is updated (#3420) -- **@harshitchaudhary94** [terraform-enterprise#3421](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-enterprise/pull/3421)

