# Terraform Enterprise 1.1.4

- **App Deadline Date:** Friday, January 16, 2026
- **Release Branch:** release/1.1.x
- **Release Slack Channel:** #proj-tfe-releases

## Contributor Sign Off

Congratulations, if your name is on this list that means you contributed to this release. You must sign off on your
contributions by checking the box in front of your username. The number in front of your username is the number of pull
requests authored by you that are going into this release.

Please review the changelog entries for your contributions. Your changelog entries should be **feature-focused**, define
the **what** and **why**, and include any necessary information for customers. Each entry should make it clear why the
customer should care about the change. More information on
[how to write release notes can be found in confluence](https://hashicorp.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TFENG/pages/2369355816/How+to+Write+Release+Notes+for+TFE).

<!-- CUSTOMER_FACING_START_DELIMITER: The items in this section will be customer viewable -->

## Known Issues

## Breaking Changes

## Deprecations

## Highlights

## Features

## Improvements

## Bug Fixes
1. Fixed an issue where Terraform Enterprise could not list repositories from on‑premises Azure DevOps Server due to API compatibility errors.
1. Fixed a configuration issue where IAM-based database authentication could not be mixed with password authentication, causing Explorer database connection failures.
1. Fixed an issue where Explorer background jobs were not processed, causing the Explorer UI to show no results.

## Security

<!-- CUSTOMER_FACING_STOP_DELIMITER: Everything below this line will not be viewable by customers. -->

### Generated Changelog

The changelog below was generated by `scripts/changelog.rb`. It includes PRs merged from each repository in `app_repos.yaml`. The purpose of this generated changelog is to serve as starting place for constructing the customer facing changelog above.

#### Possible Customer Impacting Changes

These PRs included a changelog line the PR body. This changelog line has been used as the message below.



#### Possible Non Customer Facing Changes

These PRs did not include a changelog line in the PR body. The PR title has been used as the message below.

1. Backport of [GNSE-263] Append api-version to Azure DevOps API requests into release/1.1.x -- **@hashimoon** [atlas#26058](https://github.com/hashicorp/atlas/pull/26058)
1. update dependency versions and a small log fix to make CI happy -- **@kkavish** [atlas#26224](https://github.com/hashicorp/atlas/pull/26224)
1. backporting fix from PR #25867 -- **@kkavish** [atlas#26211](https://github.com/hashicorp/atlas/pull/26211)
1. Backport of sec: Override qs into release/1.1.x -- **@nikolasrieble** [terraform-enterprise#3593](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-enterprise/pull/3593)
1. Backport of Version and tags are updated for the release 1.1.4 into release/1.1.x -- **@harshitchaudhary94** [terraform-enterprise#3614](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-enterprise/pull/3614)
1. Backport of Fix js-yaml prototype pollution vulnerability into release/1.1.x -- **@nikolasrieble** [terraform-enterprise#3623](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-enterprise/pull/3623)
1. update to backported atlas version and enable explorer -- **@kkavish** [terraform-enterprise#3624](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-enterprise/pull/3624)
